Add Links to Hackney ADR repository (#26)
LBHackney-IT/social-care-architecture: docs/decisions/index.md

information can be found on Michael Nygard's
[blog](https://cognitect.com/blog/2011/11/15/documenting-architecture-decisions).

The records in this site:

> - Should be read in conjunction, and linked, with the [central Hackney IT ADR repository](https://github.com/LBHackney-IT/lbh-adrs).

Reviewer: Didn't know this existed!

- The records defined here should document Social Care Tools __specific variations__ from the [Hackney IT ADR decisions](https://github.com/LBHackney-IT/lbh-adrs).
- Please ensure the Hackney Repository contains links to this repository.

## Tools

> Architecture decision records [ADR] are generated and maintained using Nat Pryce's [adr-tools](https://github.com/npryce/adr-tools). As each ADR is plain text, they may be added without the tools - however the tools do help maintain consistency.

Reviewer: Very minor: we've already noted that ADR stands for architectural decision record in the introduction of this page so I don't think it's needed here.

```suggestion
ADRs are generated and maintained using Nat Pryce's [adr-tools](https://github.com/npryce/adr-tools). As each ADR is plain text, they may be added without the tools - however the tools do help maintain consistency.
```

Author: Done - merci 👍🏻
